**🐼 Who we are  
  
****You. Better. With Alan.  
  
**Alan's vision is to make prevention the new norm of care for all. **Our mission is to help people live in good health to 100 while helping employers feel proud, turning health benefits from a cost centre into their most valuable investment.  
  
**We're building a **vertically integrated health partner** that seamlessly unites insurance and smart healthcare delivery into one system.  
  
By connecting all aspects of care - private, public, and direct to consumer - **we create the most member-centric healthcare experience.** Through deep engagement, we empower everyone to overcome day-to-day health obstacles and live healthier lives.  
  
We partner with **35K+ companies** of all sizes, serving more than **950+ members**, and have reached **680M+** in ARR.  
  
Our team of **700+ people** (still growing) operates across **France 🇫🇷, Spain 🇪🇸, Belgium 🇧🇪, and Canada 🇨🇦.  
  
****🤘 How we do it ?  
  
****About  
  
**People joining Alan are often surprised and delighted by our innovative working method. We have a set of [cultural values](https://alan.com/about/company-culture) that guide our approach to work, such as:  
  
**🎯 What drives us — We're obsessed with helping our members live healthier  
  
****Mission is the Boss**: long-term thinking, seeking our mission success above all else.  
  
**Member & customer-led:** obsessively focused on solving members & customers problems and creating the most delightful experiences.  
  
**🏆 How we build excellence — We hire the best people and give them platform to succeed  
  
****Champions of excellence:** extremely high standards and talent density.  
  
**Distributed ownership:** accountable enlightened despots, everyone owns their decisions and results.  
  
**Radically transparent**: all information is accessible and written-first, so everyone can make the best decisions asynchronously  
  
🤝 **How we grow together — We help each other improve through honest feedback and bold thinking****Optimistic alchemy:** optimists who collaborate with genuine care and support teammates.  
  
**Empathetic challengers:** direct, caring feedback combined with praises to help each other grow professionally  
  
**Bold & creative contrarians:** think differently to achieve greatness, try new approaches  
  
⚡ **How we move fast — We fight complexity and focus on what matters most****Disciplined in execution:** taking decisive actions with focus that compounds success over time  
  
**Fight for simplicity:** only high impact processes, smart frugality  
  
**⭐ The Engineering team ⭐  
  
**In our engineering team, we build the infrastructure, interfaces, and applications to provide first-class service to our members, health professionals, and even ourselves!  
  
Being an engineer at Alan means joining a team of talented, committed and passionate engineers, with a lot of product interaction.  
  
We move fast, with a lot of ownership, and are proud to tackle big problems!  
  
Our process is very simple: those who make product decisions are the same ones who build them.  
  
Our stack is Python/Flask, React, React Native, PostgreSQL.  
  
Want to know more? Read [this article](https://blog.alan.com/tech-et-produit/engineering-organisation-at-alan) if you want to discover how life as an Engineer at Alan and [this article](https://medium.com/alan/engineering-career-path-at-alan-e5de5c2e740c) on our Engineering career path.  
  
🤖 The Tech Foundations area  
  
🎯 **Mission**: Tech Foundations enables Product Crews to experiment and ship product increments quickly, fostering product quality and reliability with security as a nonnegotiable attribute.  
  
**🔭 Scope:  
  
**

*   Infrastructure enablement for product crews (e.g. [hosting improvements](https://www.qovery.com/case-study/alan-case-study/), [CI/CD](https://medium.com/alan/moving-our-ci-cd-to-github-actions-40df3f7e4733), ...)
*   Security and compliance facilitation (e.g. authentication, database anonymization...)
*   Developer productivity enhancements (e.g. [local environment setup](https://medium.com/alan/our-journey-from-react-native-to-expo-for-mobile-app-development-at-alan-%EF%B8%8F-3b1569e8ab7c), monorepo [tooling](https://medium.com/alan/building-debug-tooling-for-engineers-and-support-teams-alike-34cab315b9cc), custom CLI and dashboards ...)
*   Design and development unification (e.g. [Design System](https://medium.com/alan/towards-a-universal-design-system-dc4a65e1e13d), ...)  
      
    

**👀 Focus for 2025:  
  
**_(You can learn about some of the things_ _[we did in 2024 in this blogpost)  
  
](https://medium.com/alan/what-is-the-state-of-alans-developer-experience-and-what-we-are-working-on-3fc62797467f)_In 2025, we will grow the team significantly to further increase our impact. We want to improve the quality of our foundations, from Infrastructure to code foundations (backend/frontend/mobile). We also have ambitions around our Security stack (authentication in particular) and enhanced tools and processes for developers.  
  
**🔄 A quick note about the process:  
  
**While you’re applying for a particular area, please note that you may ultimately join a different part of our engineering organization, depending on where we believe you will have the most impact.  
  
**⭐ Is it you we’re looking for?  
  
**We Are Looking For Platform Engineers With 3+ Years Of Experience To Help Us Maintain High Reliability While Scaling Our Infrastructure  
  

*   You’ll be able to tackle high-impact & high-risk projects involving many engineers.
*   You'll design and implement robust infrastructure systems with a focus on reliability and observability.
*   You'll maintain our uptime targets while optimizing infrastructure costs.
*   You'll improve our incident management processes and lead post-mortems.
*   You'll build and maintain internal tooling (e.g. API, web interface, internal command line, ...) for other engineers.
*   You’ll have the opportunity to mentor other engineers & lead crews (more details in [this article](https://blog.alan.com/tech-et-produit/engineering-organisation-at-alan)).
*   You’ll be able to contribute to hiring your future coworkers and shape candidates’ hiring experience (improving our technical assessment process etc...)  
      
    

**You would be a good fit at Alan if most of this sounds like you:  
  
**

*   You have strong experience with cloud platforms (especially AWS).
*   You have experience with monitoring, alerting, and observability tools.
*   You're comfortable writing code for automation and tooling (e.g. API, internal command line, ...).
*   You have some experience as a Full-Stack or Backend software engineer
*   Willing to work in Python/JavaScript (but you don’t need to have experience with those 2 languages!).
*   You understand modern deployment practices and CI/CD.
*   You're able to debug complex system issues.
*   Self-starting and entrepreneurial.
*   Humble and still willing to grow (no matter your seniority!).
*   Collaborative, enthusiastic about teamwork, learning, and teaching.
*   Fluent in English (no need to speak French!).  
      
    

For this opportunity, we are aiming to hire within the D-F level range.  
  
But above all, we are looking for high potential and curiosity: make sure to show us this when you apply! Everything else is a bonus.  
  
🙌 [Perks & Benefits  
  
](https://alan.com/en/careers/a/salary-equity)At Alan, we believe that **being in good health is a basic need,** and it starts with our employees. This is why Alaners are provided with a stimulating environment and perks ensuring they are **happy, efficient and spend only high-quality time** with co-workers.  
  
**Therefore, we offer:  
  
**

*   **Fair rewards**. Generous equity packages complement your base salary.
*   **Flexible Office**. Amazing office space at our HQ, sponsored co-working hubs or a full-remote experience with home office equipment sponsorship, we want you to live where you’re the happiest.
*   **All the tools you need**. Top of the range equipment: Macbook Pro, keyboard, laptop stand, monitor, and noise-canceling headphones.
*   **Flexible vacation policy and flexible working hours**. Organize your time as you wish.
*   **Delightful healthcare insurance:** Extremely comprehensive health insurance - 100% for you and your children, 90-100% for partners depending on your country (permanent contracts only).
*   **Transport**. Country-specific commuter benefits.
*   **Learning & Training opportunities.** A highly flexible Training policy free books and budget to attend and speak at conferences if the opportunity arises.
*   **Delightful healthcare insurance:** Extremely comprehensive health insurance - 100% for you and your children, 90-100% for partners depending on your country (permanent contracts only).
*   **Parental leave.** Extended parental leave for all new parents.  
      
    

Important note: we hire people not roles.  
  
If you're excited about this opportunity but don't check every box, **we'd love to hear from you.** Everyone, no matter how underrepresented, should feel free to apply as it can only bring learnings or success.  
  
**If you identify yourself as a woman**: Did you know that research shows women often apply only when meeting 100% of requirements?  
  
**Remember, this is just a guide, not a checklist.  
  
**We'll be thrilled to receive your application!  
  
🔖 Check out our [About Alan](https://alan.com/about) and [Career](https://alan.com/careers) pages, as well as our [Medium](https://medium.com/alan), [blog](https://blog.alan.com/) and [Glassdoor page](https://www.glassdoor.com/Overview/Working-at-Alan-EI_IE1696043.11,15.htm) for more info.