## About the job

**About Cognite  
  
**Embark on a transformative journey with Cognite, a global SaaS forerunner in leveraging AI and data to unravel complex business challenges through our cutting-edge offerings including Cognite Atlas AI, an industrial agent workbench, and the Cognite Data Fusion (CDF) platform. We were awarded the 2022 Technology Innovation Leader for Global Digital Industrial Platforms & Cognite was recognized as 2024 Microsoft Energy and Resources Partner of the Year. In the realm of industrial digital transformation, we stand at the forefront, reshaping the future of Oil & Gas, Chemicals, Pharma and other Manufacturing and Energy sectors. Join us in this venture where AI and data meet ingenuity, and together, we forge the path to a smarter, more connected industrial future.  
  
Learn more about Cognite here  
  
Cognite Product Tour 2024  
  
Cognite Product Tour 2023  
  
Data Contextualization Masterclass 2023  
  
Our values  
  
Impact: Cogniters strive to make an impact in all that they do. We are result-oriented, always asking ourselves.  
  
Ownership: Cogniters embrace a culture of ownership. We go beyond our comfort zones to contribute to the greater good, fostering inclusivity and sharing responsibilities for challenges and success.  
  
Relentless: Cogniters are relentless in their pursuit of innovation. We are determined and deliverable (never ruthless or reckless), facing challenges head-on and viewing setbacks as opportunities for growth.  
  
**About The Position  
  
**We're looking for a **Senior Data Engineer** who is ready to tackle big challenges and advance their career. In this role, you'll join a dynamic team committed to creating cutting-edge solutions that significantly impact critical industries such as Power & Utilities, Energy, and Manufacturing. You'll collaborate with industry leaders, solution architects, data scientists and project managers, all dedicated to deploying and optimizing digital solutions that empower our clients to make informed business decisions.  
  
If you're passionate about leveraging technology to solve tough problems and are eager to impact the way industries operate, we want to hear from you. Let's build the future of industrial data together.  
  
**A typical day as a Cogniter will contain the following tasks & responsibilities  
  
**

*   Lead the design and implementation of scalable and efficient data engineering solutions using our platform Cognite Data Fusion®.
*   Drive and manage integrations, extractions, data modeling, and analysis using Cognite data connectors and SQL, Python/Java and Rest APIs.
*   Create custom data models for data discovery, mapping, and cleansing.
*   Collaborate with data scientists, project managers and solution architects engineers on project deliveries to enable our customers to achieve the full potential of our industrial dataops platform.
*   Conduct code reviews and implement best practices to ensure high-quality and maintainable code and deliveries.
*   Support customers and partners in conducting data engineering tasks with Cognite products.
*   Contribute to the development of Cognite’s official tools and SDKs.
*   Collaborate with our Engineering and Product Management teams to turn customer needs into a prioritized pipeline of product offerings.  
      
    

**We Believe Most Of These Should Match Your Experience  
  
**

*   Bachelor or Master degree in computer science or similar. Relevant experience can compensate for formal education
*   Minimum 5 years of relevant experience in a customer-facing Data intense role
*   Experience delivering production-grade data pipelines using e.g. Python, SQL and Rest APIs
*   Experience with distributed computing such as Kubernetes and managed cloud services such as GCP and/or Azure
*   Have a DevOps mindset, and experience with Git, CI/CD, deployment environments
*   Enjoys working in cross-functional teams
*   Able to independently investigate and solve problems
*   Humility to ask for help and enjoy sharing knowledge with others  
      
    

Don’t meet every single requirement? We are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.  
  
A snapshot of our many perks and benefits as a Cogniter  
  

*   Join an organization of 70 different nationalities 🌐 with Diversity, Equality and Inclusion (DEI) in focus 🤝
*   A highly modern and fun working environment with sublime culture across the organization, follow us on Instagram @ cognitedata 📷 to know more
*   Flat structure with direct access to decision-makers, with minimal amount of bureaucracy
*   Opportunity to work with and learn from some of the best people on some of the most ambitious projects found anywhere, across industries
*   Join our HUB 🗣️ to be part of the conversation directly with Cogniters and our partners.  
      
    

Why choose Cognite? 🏆 🚀  
  
Join us in making a real and lasting impact in one of the most exciting and fastest-growing new software companies in the world. We have repeatedly demonstrated that digital transformation, when anchored on strong DataOps, drives business value and sustainability for clients and allows front-line workers, as well as domain experts, to make better decisions every single day. We were recognized as one of CNBC's top global enterprise technology startups powering digital transformation ! And just recently, Frost & Sullivan named Cognite a Technology Innovation Leader ! 🥇 Most recently Cognite Data Fusion® Achieved Industry First DNV Compliance for Digital Twins 🥇  
  
Apply today!  
  
If you're excited about the opportunity to work at Cognite and make a difference in the tech industry, we encourage you to apply today! We welcome candidates of all backgrounds and identities to join our team. Please do not hesitate to contact our Talent Acquisition team with any questions -  
  
We encourage you to follow us on Cognite LinkedIn ; we post all our openings there.  
  
Equal Opportunity  
  
Cognite is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment at work and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive the same level of consideration for employment; everyone we hire will receive the same level of consideration for training, compensation, and promotion.  
  
We ask for gender as part of our application because we want to ensure equal assessment in the recruitment process. Your answer will help us reach this commitment! However, the question about gender is optional and your choice not to answer will not affect the assessment of your application in any way.  
  
We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.