## About the job

**Overview  
  
**Join our 3D development group in creating the world’s best geospatial mapping and data analysis platform. Utilize your passion for developing reliable and performant code to handle creating and serving complex 3D data.  
  
As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work on a platform that serves millions of users and domains. Our software needs to be modular, reusable, and well-crafted to meet the diverse needs of our broad user community. We iterate rapidly, constantly learning from feedback, metrics, and the mission and goals of our users.  
  
We believe in empowering our team to take ownership of their work and make a real impact. We value creativity, collaboration, and a growth mindset.  
  
Learn more about what the team is working on: [https://www.esri.com/en-us/arcgis/3d-gis/overview  
  
](https://www.esri.com/en-us/arcgis/3d-gis/overview)**Responsibilities  
  
**

*   Research, analyze, and implement state-of-the-art 3D data pre-processing/visualization algorithms to handle large volumes of input data
*   Build C++ software components that follow industry-standard design patterns, development methodologies, and deployment models
*   Solve complex problems with distributed systems and data management
*   Propose and implement improvements in backend system architecture
*   Work within agile processes for short cycle, fast-paced delivery  
      
    

**Requirements  
  
**

*   5+ years of experience as C++ software developer working on large software projects
*   Track record of designing complex algorithms in the field of computational geometry, 3D graphics or data processing
*   Familiarity with 3D real-time rendering techniques and concepts
*   Experience with private/public cloud infrastructures
*   Ability to clearly describe and analyze a problem and to articulate a solution
*   Excellent written and verbal communication skills
*   Bachelor’s in computer science, computer engineering, or a related field  
      
    

**Recommended Qualifications  
  
**

*   In-depth knowledge of space partitioning techniques and data structures
*   Experience with data visualization, mapping, and GIS
*   Experience contributing to distributed systems running on cloud infrastructure (AWS, AZURE, GCP)
*   Experience in Java
*   Experience with REST service designs
*   Master’s in computer science, computer engineering, or a related field  
      
    

**About Esri  
  
**At Esri, diversity is more than just a word on a map. When employees of different experiences, perspectives, backgrounds, and cultures come together, we are more innovative and ultimately a better place to work. We believe in having a diverse workforce that is unified under our mission of creating positive global change. We understand that diversity, equity, and inclusion is not a destination but an ongoing process. We are committed to the continuation of learning, growing, and changing our workplace so every employee can contribute to their life’s best work. Our commitment to these principles extends to the global communities we serve by creating positive change with GIS technology. For more information on Esri’s Racial Equity and Social Justice initiatives, please visit our website [here](https://www.esri.com/en-us/racial-equity/overview#engage-communities).  
  
**If you don’t meet all of the preferred qualifications for this position, we encourage you to still apply!  
  
**Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you need reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please email askcareers@esri.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this e-mail address.  
  
[Esri Privacy](https://www.esri.com/en-us/privacy/overview) Esri takes our responsibility to protect your privacy seriously. We are committed to respecting your privacy by providing transparency in how we acquire and use your information, giving you control of your information and preferences, and holding ourselves to the highest national and international standards, including CCPA and GDPR compliance.  
  
Requisition ID: 2025-3120