## About the job

Google welcomes people with disabilities.  
  
**Minimum qualifications:  
  
**

*   Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience.
*   5 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages.
*   3 years of experience testing, maintaining, or launching software products, and 1 year of experience with software design and architecture.  
      
    

**Preferred qualifications:  
  
**

*   Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.
*   5 years of experience with data structures/algorithms.
*   1 year of experience in a technical leadership role.
*   Experience developing and implementing optimization algorithms (e.g., linear programming, constraint programming, heuristics).
*   Experience applying operations research methodologies to drive efficiency and decision-making.
*   Experience building or applying machine learning methodologies and analyzing mathematical models for complex problems.  
      
    

**About The Job  
  
**Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  
  
We develop math algorithms to enable our three business pillars: optimize Google, orchestrate the physical world, and democratize intelligent decision-making.  
  
Google Research addresses challenges that define the technology of today and tomorrow. From conducting fundamental research to influencing product development, our research teams have the opportunity to impact technology used by billions of people every day.  
  
Our teams aspire to make discoveries that impact everyone, and core to our approach is sharing our research and tools to fuel progress in the field we publish regularly in academic journals, release projects as open source, and apply research to Google products.  
  
**Responsibilities  
  
**

*   Write and test product or system development code.
*   Participate in, or lead design reviews with peers and stakeholders to decide amongst available technologies.
*   Review code developed by other developers and provide feedback to ensure best practices (e.g., style guidelines, checking code in, accuracy, testability, and efficiency).
*   Contribute to existing documentation or educational content and adapt content based on product/program updates and user feedback.
*   Triage product or system issues and debug/track/resolve by analyzing the sources of issues and the impact on hardware, network, or service operations and quality.  
      
      
    

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .